
Buca di Beppo is an Italian restaurant located in downtown Seattle. The name Buca di Beppo means “Joe’s Basement” in Italian. My family like this restaurant and often visit there to try various Italian dishes or to celebrate our birthday or special.  This restaurant is crowded all the time, so it is essential to make a reservation before visiting. The ambiance of the restaurant is warm and romantic. The entire restaurant was adorned with a lot of vintage photographs and humorous features that attracts people who visit there. Some of them are very funny. For example, in the pictures chubby naked hips are dancing and women are laughing on the pictures in its men’s restroom. Waitresses or waiters welcome guests and give good services. Since it is a family-style restaurant, all of its dishes are basically big size, so they are good to share by the table. There’s one anecdote about an indelible service. When we ordered a “Fettuccine Supremo” which is chicken pasta with Alfredo sauce, a waiter said it was not available that time. Then, he recommended another similar one instead of the pasta without charging it. We enjoyed the substitute very well. We were very happy with the entire meal and its service. Whenever I go this restaurant, I’m always satisfied with the unique ambiance, nice quality and amount of food, their reasonable price and its good service.

[Map from Bellevue College to this restaurant](https://goo.gl/maps/VnCXYM1xt6E2)

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m28!1m12!1m3!1d86071.63614688825!2d-122.3127711504976!3d47.61177171321279!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!4m13!3e6!4m5!1s0x54906c1e28d06265%3A0xbb6915939ab3de70!2sBellevue+College%2C+3000+Landerholm+Circle+Southeast%2C+Bellevue%2C+WA+98007!3m2!1d47.585351499999994!2d-122.1482834!4m5!1s0x549015390f16c1a9%3A0x416cd9ce5b359702!2sBuca+di+Beppo+-+Seattle%2C+701+Westlake+Ave+N%2C+Seattle%2C+WA+98109!3m2!1d47.6260516!2d-122.33913989999999!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1456301699606" width="600" height="450" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[go to My-Writing page](/Midterm/My-Writing/My-Writing.html)

