
   There are three easy and effective ways to gain your weight in a short period: enjoy midnight snack while watching TV, drink soda instead of water, and rely on electric-powered vehicles as much as possible. The first instruction of gaining weight is having late night foods while watching TV. Normally, high calorie foods like popcorn, Pringles, and McDonald's are good for your night snack. However, I highly recommend a cup of noodles which consists of 99% pure carbohydrates and a huge amount of natrium. The combination of fried chicken and beer can help you to broaden your beer belly. Also, watching sports like a Seahawks game during the meal could not block you feel full. Then, you would be completely unaware how much you eaten foods after the game finished. The other way of getting bigger is drinking soda or Cola instead of mineral water. Indulge in sweet drinks every moment you can, then the sugar or artificial sweetening in those carbonated beverages will have a chemical reaction in your body. The liquid would co-operate with solid junk-food for assisting overweight. The final crucial way of gaining weight is to use electric vehicles. Using automatic machine such as electric wheelchairs or the "Pepper" which is Softbank’s assistant robot for your in-house moving will help you to save your energy. Use an electric skateboard on campus. In addition, do not get out of your car and drive through a line for your meal or banking. Indeed, it is the key point to gain weight that maximize what you eat and minimize how you move.

[go to My-Writing page](/Midterm/My-Writing/My-Writing.html)
