
It was not long after I moved to Bellevue from Korea that I was driving nervously like a cat to the Licensing Office in order to apply a license. I didn’t have a legal driver’s license yet. While I was driving down a hill passing by Wilburton Park, I was pulled over by a brawny man on the curve. He gestured toward the shoulder of the road. I never had imagined that there was a police man who had a speed gun in this secluded road. He did seem a little upset like an “Angry Bird”. I had only a second to consider a countermeasure because I saw the man is coming to my car directly. I licked my lips and straightened up my bad posture when he came to me. I was shaking like a chicken of “Chick-Fil-A”. The police man looked at me thoughtfully and silently. It was a stern look and the badge which was embossed in a shiny star was like eagle eyes. I was very nervous because I had heard about heavy fines and penalty points. Moreover, stories about strict police officers came up. The police man asked my license. I could see my wife sitting next to me was trembling with fear like a rabbit since she knew driving without license was illegal. Meanwhile, the worst scenarios had passed in my mind and I hesitated what to say. However, my wife said we just moved here from Korea and we had been heading to Licensing office. It was a miracle that he asked me to present my Korean license and just gave me a warning. Having been relieved, we came out of the terrifying moment and didn’t ever want to meet a police man again.
