
There are three vital things to bear in mind to impress a girl on a first date. First of all, wear a neat and tidy suit on the date. Decent dress appeals to a woman’s first impression. Extreme fashions could deglamorize your character, or wearing too casual clothes like sweat shirts or short pants with slippers could make a woman think that you are not engaged in the date with her. It is an immaculate dress to coordinate your style by mixing jeans with a warm color sweater, or basic pants with shirts. The other important thing is, make an effort to develop your discussion with her. Women tend to feel attractive to men who speak the same language as her. Therefore, try to find out something in common with her and show your deep interest and knowledge. However, make sure that you are not giving a lengthy explanation or persuasive tone. That could create a negative image of you. Also, too many jokes and gossip could make her to think you are a gabby man. Try to show your attention to her by giving questions and listening to her with witty words in order to become an amiable man to talk with. The Final and most important thing is, prove that you are a gentleman with manners. “Gentleman” is an eternal truth to appeal to women. Small but caring actions you present to her such as opening a car door for her, walking on the street by putting her inside, choosing a restaurant or choosing an activity considering her preference. Your consideration and reverence to her surely engrave yourself on her mind as a gentleman. Indeed, tidy dress, thoughtful conversation, and nice manners are imperatively necessary in your mind whenever you meet a girl.

[go to My-Writing page](/Midterm/My-Writing/My-Writing.html)
